.\" dosfslabel.8 - manpage for dosfsck
.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2006-2013 Daniel Baumann <daniel@debian.org>
.\"
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"
.\" On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public License
.\" can be found in /usr/share/common-licenses/GPL-3 file.
.\"
.\"
.TH DOSFSLABEL 8 "2010\-01\-31" "3.0.9" "set or get MS\-DOS filesystem label"

.SH NAME
\fBdosfslabel\fR \- set or get MS\-DOS filesystem label

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBdosfslabel\fR \fIDEVICE\fR [\fILABEL\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBdosfslabel\fR set or gets a MS\-DOS filesystem label from a given device.
.PP
If the label is omitted, then the label name of the specified device is written on the standard output. A label can't be longer than 11 characters.

.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR" 4
Displays a help message.
.IP "\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR" 4
Shows version.

.SH SEE ALSO
\fBdosfsck\fR(8)
.br
\fBmkdosfs\fR(8)

.SH HOMEPAGE
More information about \fBdosfsck\fR and \fBdosfstools\fR can be found at <\fIhttp://www.daniel\-baumann.ch/software/dosfstools/\fR>.

.SH AUTHORS
\fBdosfstools\fR were written by Werner Almesberger <\fIwerner.almesberger@lrc.di.epfl.ch\fR>, Roman Hodek <\fIRoman.Hodek@informatik.uni-erlangen.de\fR>, and others. The current maintainer is Daniel Baumann <\fImail@daniel-baumann.ch\fR>.
